feat : add openapi 3 support (#333)
fastify/fastify-swagger: README.md

      produces: [ String ],
      tags: [ Object ],
      securityDefinitions: Object
    },
    // openapi 3.0.3 options
    openapi: {
      info: {
        title: String,
        description: String,
        version: String,
      },
      externalDocs: Object,
      servers: [ Object ],
      components: Object,
      security: [ Object ],

>       tags: [ Object ]

Reviewer: Can you please comment out this block?

    }
  }
  ```

  *All the above parameters are optional.*
  You can use all the properties of the [swagger specification](https://swagger.io/specification/v2/) and [openapi specification](https://swagger.io/specification/), if you find anything missing, please open an issue or a pr!

>   *Please note that when you specify `openapi` option, it will take precedence and ignore the `swagger` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fastify-swagger will generate Swagger v2 by default. If you pass the `opeanapi` option it will generate OpenAPI instead.
```
